en/ros2: add go-to setpoint type to interface lib documenation (#2935)
PX4/PX4-user_guide: en/ros2/px4_ros2_interface_lib.md

The following sections provide a list of supported setpoint types:

> - [GotoSetpointType](#goto-setpoint-gotosetpointtype): Smooth position and (optionally) heading control

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [GotoSetpointType](#go-to-setpoint-gotosetpointtype): Smooth position and (optionally) heading control
```

:::note
This setpoint type is currently only supported for multicopters.
:::

Smoothly control position and (optionally) heading setpoints with the [px4_ros2::GotoSetpointType](https://github.com/Auterion/px4-ros2-interface-lib/blob/main/px4_ros2_cpp/include/px4_ros2/control/setpoint_types/goto.hpp) setpoint type.
The setpoint type is streamed to FMU based position and heading smoothers formulated with time-optimal, maximum-jerk trajectories, with velocity and acceleration constraints.

The most trivial use is simply inputting a 3D position into the update method:

```cpp
const Eigen::Vector3f target_position_m{-10.F, 0.F, 3.F};
_goto_setpoint->update(target_position_m);
```

In this case, heading will remain _uncontrolled_.
To additionally control heading, specify it as the second input argument:

```cpp
const Eigen::Vector3f target_position_m{-10.F, 0.F, 3.F};
const float heading_rad = 3.14F;
_goto_setpoint->update(
  target_position_m,
  heading_rad);
```

An additional feature of the go-to setpoint is dynamic control on the underlying smoothers' speed limits (i.e. maximum horizontal and vertical translational velocities as well as heading rate).

> If, as above, left unspecified, the smoothers will default the the vehicle's default maximums (typically set to the physical limitations).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If, as above, left unspecified, the smoothers will default to the vehicle's default maximums (typically set to the physical limitations).
```
